                                                                  Notes for Students
                                                                  
The beginning of these notes assume you are running your course from the CD ROM. The instructions are basically the same if your in read/write mode there will just be more menu available. 

Remember you are running a WEB SERVER from your CD ROM it takes time to load. Be Patient... 


To get into moodle if you are already here http://localhost:4001/EN/index.shtml 
 you would click on "Click Here to Enter Moodle and  Your Course" which will bring you to the first page of Moodle. This page will automatically load when you double click Server_Start.bat however if you close the browser the Pstart menu will still be running and if you want to go back then you would click CD Mode-Portable Firefox which will bring you back to http://localhost:4001/EN/index.shtml .

@Moodle login you will be username "admin" (without quotes) and password "password" (without quotes). But if your Moodle admin creates a login
for you then you will be able to use that login. Or if he has imported a course for you with a your own login you will be able
to use that login. For quiz taking and other positive identification you must have a login. Otherwise all your grades and everyone else
who uses this particualar moodle will be attributed to "admin" then how will you know whose grade it is. 

If you create a total disaster go to the Pstart menu and click stop and delete and then reload the CD ROM. If the CD ROM doesn't start double click 
Server_Start.bat and wait it could be as much as 10 minutes. 

If you click stop and delete your work will be unrecoverable we have used a strong deletion program, your work will be unrecoverable. 


You can work off the CD ROM and take quizes and ect... it is all written to a temp file on your computer. You can even backup your answers. 
It will create a zip file in the temp directory. If you want to find your backup file go to "restore" in your course menu. If you click directly 
on your backup zip file it will begin to download it to your computer. Remember if you click stop and delete it will permanently erase all of YOUR 
moodle data. 

The fastest way to navigate around in Moodle is to use the arrows on the Firefox Portable Browser. Provided that you've already opened the page. 
Lets say you've already opened a few things up in moodle like a quiz maybe a resource text page or html page. If you want to get back to that page 
and you click on the links inside moodle it will be much slower because it has to spin the CD ROM again. Why not click the back arrow in Firefox ?
If you do this it will quickly take you back to where you were. Now there are times when you must use Moodle navigation but if the Firefox arrows are
available I urge you to use them it will be a much better experience for you. 